Today I want my suitcase from bmw
imagine author cases 30 of the way
looks looks as second stickers
it does not make him so boring
Of course this is also because
I also have author cases of type 30 from
b & w so that has three cameras right in there and
Although the gopro hero 3 Latvian mine
games reflex camera can and one
I have digital small camera first
the SLR camera in it
the two lenses here are still a tripod
what to do besides top or otherwise
Try to wrap up the legal protection
Hide the charger for the big one is
the little digital hides under that
charger much smaller part I have
Partly I have a fly division
that's twofold and threefold
lachmann not a bit
Next is red band that's why I have now
the headband in it was still for the
Screw the large joint holder large
with the original mother to the power
a bit shaky then I have to
maybe something better come up
be so now again back to the good
turned here I have the ball falls
the water is not the pace of a battery place
before the second battery and her career the
teach the ruhr mounts in it
so they could be at the moment
once a little now the big dream
a few traffic from made so that the
Verein has the fixing screws the
remote control and here are parts and
there are no longer the original
mother and a little time fits though
open now but works exactly like
we have been here for a long time skeletal parts
Add-on accessory battery charger gives him
listened to buy the plug with usb
connection on the back
and here comes the booking
now provide such statistics
these still little space and still others
things one when I have more accessories for
motorcycle but there is always action
take it with you so be waterproof
a policeman was nervous now
on the journey